Follow-up

How do you feel about the BMS?
helpful, no?

Office is really good.

Stud reps: activities... More parties

Diversity: very much

general: soft skill seminars... male-female balance in number of participants
conflict management... really satisfied

Friday... Talks with only pictures
coming to talks one has no idea about
student conference... during weekdays... time conflict... exams... out of town
fri, sat?
BUT BMS days => stud conf
format, content

german course... tu hu... last semester at hu was great. good teacher
extra 5 credits

workspaces, lounges... fu needs a couch, SLEEPING ROOM WITH BLANCKTES
fu lounge is full
BMS lounge but open to anyone
WHERE IS IT?

hu lounge, no one uses it
low tables and couches, sucks

offices: tu is not full
hu too

courses: time conflict
offer (variety)? description is not enough and doesn't match

regulations? fine
Issue: fu, fu and bms count credits differently
courses for bachelor, master, bms
sequence, eg topology 1, 2, 3...
consistency?

mentoring: caring?
too busy?

more advice?
One student needed one semester to be aware of need of advice

2 mentors:
mentor/student ratio uneven

master's regulations: not clear
at hu, 20 non-math credits

impression, information has not reached to students

orientation, last day explaining the master's regulation, too late
meeting mentor before is nonsense

master's regulation is in GERMAN
extended version of the regulations

UNOFFICIAL BMS WEBPAGE

confusing, contact person for the regulation at the three uni

bms office < each three uni (in efficiency in terms of master's degree)
invite contact persons to the orientation

Emphasis on the difference of the regulations of each uni

some course is not explicitly listed as a master's course
eg, bachelor
Be explicit about what could potentially be counted to fulfill requirements

conversion of credits between unis

at the other unis
course registration can be ambiguous
for bms, you can make the grades better by substituting the older ones

scholarship: rent 400eur/month, scholarship does not cover the cost of life
data
survey on the cost of living

non-eu students have to pay for health insurance

new students should get in touch with each other, some machinery suggested
eg, how to find a flat
income level too low to be eligible to rent (3 people must gather)

studentenwohnheim, no reservation for bms
house of nation
studentenwerk

INFORMATION on when to apply for an appartment/ dormitory
is lacking

